We young people;  said to be the power of the present and men of the future.
On our way to future ,
we are met by a lot of dangers ; Drugs , addiction
Sex, and last pornography, which  has proven to destroy your health, by many studies,
as well as affecting your brain,  your relationships  with the society and your surroundings .
We heard a lot of speeches from grandfather, and uncle
Unfotunately, only persons who are like you  would feel like your feeling.
That's why we  established '' Aware'' team;
Young people like you and me, want to change their Arab World for better
For that, they are taking  care of you.
Because if you change, the whole world would change.
Aware team, the first team in the Arab world to face porn strongly ; With knowledge  based  on scientific facts and not just stories of fiction.
We established the first site in the Arab world, that prsents an exclusive content and real tools to recover from porn.
We started with ''Aware'' campaign from 2014.
Thanks for God we reached thousands of young people.
We  designed pages and held seminars to show porn bad effects, on the person , the family ,and  on the whole  society,
We also provided a safe  place as a reception for, male and female young heroes,
who decided to face their enemy  and to  get rid of porn and to help them in their journey.
In order not to stay alone and let your shyness prevent you from facing the problem,
We strated a group ,in Telrgram as a frirst step.
Today , with our group  there are thousands of young people who decided to shape a better life track for themselves.
In addition to our Facebook page, there is also ,the Aware group page,where we receive your messages ,follow you up, and encourage you.
Today, we have many great recovery stories in our Arab world that tell about the struggle of recovered, male and female  youth from porn addiction , published on a daily basis.
In a race towards freedom from porn  imprison , and we also seek to have an official  working institution,to visit all the Arab countries and present our message everywhere.
An institution through which ,we can offer training and educational courses to  young people on how to deal with the problem of pornography.
Take your decision, we need you